[Docs] `Touchable` (#4022)
kmagiera/react-native-gesture-handler: packages/docs-gesture-handler/docs/components/clickable.mdx

        }}
        style={[styles.button, { backgroundColor: '#7d63d9' }]}>
        <Text style={styles.buttonText}>BaseButton</Text>
      </Clickable>

      <Clickable
        onPress={() => {
          console.log('RectButton built with Clickable');
        }}
        style={[styles.button, { backgroundColor: '#4f9a84' }]}
        activeUnderlayOpacity={0.105}>
        <Text style={styles.buttonText}>RectButton</Text>
      </Clickable>

      <Clickable
        onPress={() => {
          console.log('BorderlessButton built with Clickable');
        }}
        style={[styles.button, { backgroundColor: '#5f97c8' }]}
        activeOpacity={0.3}>
        <Text style={styles.buttonText}>BorderlessButton</Text>
      </Clickable>
    </GestureHandlerRootView>
  );
}

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    flex: 1,
    alignItems: 'center',
    justifyContent: 'center',

    gap: 20,
  },
  button: {
    width: 200,
    height: 70,
    borderRadius: 15,
    alignItems: 'center',
    justifyContent: 'center',
  },
  buttonText: {
    color: 'white',
    fontSize: 14,
    fontWeight: '600',
  },
});
`}/>

## Properties

### exclusive

```ts
exclusive?: boolean;
```

> Defines if more than one button could be pressed simultaneously. By default set to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines whether pressing this button prevents other buttons exported by Gesture Handler from being pressed. By default set to `true`.
```

type GestureEvent<NativeHandlerData> = {
    handlerTag: number;
    numberOfPointers: number;
    pointerType: PointerType;
    pointerInside: boolean;
}

enum PointerType {
    TOUCH,
    STYLUS,
    MOUSE,
    KEY,
    OTHER,
}
`}/>

Triggered when the button gets released (analogous to `onPressOut` in `TouchableHighlight` from RN core).

### onPress

```ts
onPress?: (pointerInside: boolean) => void;
```

Triggered when the button gets pressed (analogous to `onPress` in `TouchableHighlight` from RN core).

### onLongPress

```ts
onLongPress?: () => void;
```

Triggered when the button gets pressed for at least [`delayLongPress`](#delaylongpress) milliseconds.

### onActiveStateChange

```ts
onActiveStateChange?: (active: boolean) => void;
```

Triggered when the button transitions between active and inactive states. It passes the current active state as a boolean variable to the method as the first parameter.

### delayLongPress

```ts
delayLongPress?: number;
```

Defines the delay, in milliseconds, after which the [`onLongPress`](#onlongpress) callback gets called. By default set to `600`.

### underlayColor

```ts
underlayColor?: string;
```

> Background color of underlay. This only takes effect when `activeUnderlayOpacity` is set.

Author: [b0ed1d4](https://github.com/software-mansion/react-native-gesture-handler/pull/4022/commits/b0ed1d48b4ec44d5b3bfe7b3b35534a8e97e612c)

### activeUnderlayOpacity

```ts
activeUnderlayOpacity?: number;
```

Defines the opacity of underlay when the button is active. If not set, underlay won't be rendered.

### activeOpacity

```ts
activeOpacity?: number;
```

> Defines the opacity of the whole component when the button is active.

Author: [b0ed1d4](https://github.com/software-mansion/react-native-gesture-handler/pull/4022/commits/b0ed1d48b4ec44d5b3bfe7b3b35534a8e97e612c)
